When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
I would use a remote repository if I wanted to work remotely on a project from a non-personal computer or when
I'm working with a another person(s).

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
Pull changes manually allows me to have control on changes I'm happy with, and/or changes other collaborators may make. 
Since I'm the expert on the project, I'll refrain Git from automatically staying up to date since I would know best
which commits will be best for project.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Forks can ONLY be used on Github. Github allows you fork an existing code and duplicate or 'fork' the copy
to your repository. Clones are copies of an original code, however, clones can be copied/duplicated into 
another repository (whether its local or remote). Branches are commit histories of projects, in the form 
of master and supporting/experimental branches.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
The benefit is knowing your local master and the remote origin/master will share the same commit starting point.
Any changes made from that point onto your local master, will also keep track of how many commits
you're ahead or behind, up to date or out of sync with compared to the remote copy (origin/master).
Before any fetch, we know what the status of our commit history of the local master is. Any changes
made by other collaborators on Github, can later then be pulled into the local master and merged.
Since we can check the status of the local master, we can find out how far in front or behind we are from
the remote copy. Later we can then 'git pull origin master' into our local master. 'git-add' this new 
merged branch, and commit to Github.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

First thought is I'd probably have to communicate to the team what master file we'll all work with. Then 
we'll have to create our own file names unique from the master file, and work independently. Then when
we do meet again to discuss changes, we can compare what we did that was independent of the original,
and may want to merge various aspects of our work that we think works best for the project. This can be
tedious since we'll have to go through each team member's code to see what was changed, which could take 
a long time. With Git or Github, I'll instantly see what was add/removed from master and can pin point
exactly where the was a bug or error, that we as a team can tackle and resolve together so that we
can have the best project we can have.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

I'll make changes in a separate branch so that I can work out kinks or bugs that I may have on the master or if I want
to work on new features. By working independent of the master, I can have more freedom without the fear of changes being
commitedt that I may REGRET later or if I'm working on a team, I would know that they are also working on seperate branches
so that we are kept in the loop at all times without changes being committed underneath us. 